Update CONTRIBUTING.md to document registries (#960)
bufbuild/plugins: CONTRIBUTING.md

* `description`: Description of the plugin.
* `output_languages`: The output language types generated by the plugin. See the [PluginLanguage](https://buf.build/bufbuild/buf/docs/main:buf.alpha.registry.v1alpha1#buf.alpha.registry.v1alpha1.PluginLanguage) enum for existing languages. Open a GitHub issue in the [Buf CLI](https://github.com/bufbuild/buf) if the output language isn't found for a plugin.
* `spdx_license_id`: The license id for the plugin from https://spdx.org/licenses/.
* `license_url`: The URL to the plugin's license (should be unique for each release of the plugin).
* `integration_guide_url`: The URL to the integration guide for the plugin.
* `deps`: A list of dependencies on other plugins used by [Generated SDKs]. Each dependency contains:
  * `plugin` (required): The reference to the plugin dependency: `<name>:<plugin_version>`.
  * `revision`: If specified, the dependency will be to a specific version of a plugin.
    It is recommended to leave this off (the plugin will depend on the latest revision at time of publishing).
* `registry`: Configuration to enable a plugin for use with Generated SDKs.
  Must specify one of `go`, `npm`, `maven`, `python`, or `swift`.

>   * `opts`: Options specified to the plug-in when generating code for the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `opts`: Options supplied to the plugin when generating code for the SDK.
```

>   * `go`: Generated SDK configuration for a Go plug-in.

Reviewer: suggestion: use plugin instead of plug-in, here and the rest of the docs.
